note: Use WASD, esc, and left click. 

ALIEN ANIMATION
We animated the alien using coroutine like the ship.
-We change the parent class for the class Alien to GSprite.
-The method animatealiens is coroutine for animating the popping alien.
There were a couple challenges...
Problem 1: We noticed while one popping alien is animating when we hit another alien,
the first alien stops animating and the second alien starts animating.
Solution: We created 5 attributes for the alien coroutine to store the alien
coroutine which allow us to animate 5 dead aliens at once. We could not use only one attribute
to store and switch the coroutine for each dead alien because the previous alien that was hit will
stop in the frame it was at once we assigned the attribute to a new alien that need to be animated.
We selected the number 5 because we only need to use these attribute if the game has been modded.
We think 5 is the perfect number to play the game smoothly under somewhat normal settings. (If bolt speed is
not greater 80 and death speed is not too long (3 second)). We give room to let player tweak the settings.
But if the settings are outrageous than there is no need to make the game more playable because the fun is lost.
For instance, if BOLT_SPEED is 100 then the player will hit multiple aliens, needing us to animate
all those aliens. If over 5 aliens are being animated at once, any alien after the fifth alien will
just be deleted instead of going through the animation. Also player may set the DEATH_SPEED to a
really large integer, making the alien animate a long time. Let say the player decided to have the alien
animate for 20 second, it is likely that they will hit every alien before the alien is removed from the
view because the alien is still "dying."

Problem 2: When hitting an alien that is already dying, it restarts it dying process.
Solution: We have the attribute _alreadyHit to track which alien is hit letting us ignore the animated alien.

ADDING SOUND
We wanted the game to be more lively so we added sound.
We have 3 attributes to store Sound object and play it when we shoot, alien die, and ship die.

LIVES DISPLAY
We added a lives display similar to the one showcased in the example video provided in the assignment documentation.
We implemented this fairly easily by creating two new attributes containing GLabel objects or None and drew them on the screen only
when the game state was either active, paused, or continue. Positioning (x,y) was trial and error with the game width and game height as factors.

ADDING SCORE DISPLAY
Adding a score display was similar to adding the lives display with one stark difference: score received is not a constant value.
Problem 1: Aliens further up on the screen (higher y-coords) should be worth more than aliens closer to the ship. This posed to be quite a problem.
To fix it, we turned to the attributes in waves.py that contained the tuple of the position of an alien that was just hit.
Using this information, we added score based upon the row number of the alien that's contained in this tuple.
Though, this would only check the alien that was hit. What if we hit another alien while that one was dying?
So, we also added an additonal 4 attributes for the five _deadalien attribute associated with the coroutines
to add score for up to five aliens within DEATH_TIME.
Problem 2: Checking if an alien was contained in _deadalien would add score continuously until the alien finished animating.
To fix this, we created yet another selection of attributes (5) to act as a counter and only add score in increments of DEATH_TIME.

MENU SYSTEM
Perhaps the largest added feature; it's broken up unto 4 parts.
1.OPENING AND CLOSING
We wanted a menu system that would be able to pause the game, restart, or anything else at any time during our game.
To accomplish this, we created many many GLabel objects stored in new attributes which are drawn by key input.
The menu also pauses the game when the player is playing and presents the player with three options to pick from by mouse input
and unpauses the game when the menu is exited.
The menu is opened by pressing the 'escape' key
2. BACK TO STARTING SCREEN
The first option in the menu is to send the player back to the starting screen. This basically starts the game over as it calls start().
3. RESTARTING
The second option in the menu is to restart the wave/game. All this does is restart the wave which means it can only be
selected when the player is playing the game and restarts the wave.
4. CHEATS
The final option turns on or off cheats. These cheats allows the user to have infinitely many lives and their bolts are extremely fast.
This option is also color coated to indicate if cheats are on (green) or off (red).
